docs: add Aerospike to providers list (#28066)
langchain-ai/langchain: docs/docs/integrations/providers/aerospike.mdx

# Aerospike

>[Aerospike](https://aerospike.com/docs/vector) is a high-performance, distributed database known for its speed and scalability, now with support for vector storage and search, enabling retrieval and search of embedding vectors for machine learning and AI applications.
> See the documentation for Aerospike Vector Search (AVS) [here](https://aerospike.com/docs/vector).

## Installation and Setup

Install the AVS Python SDK and AVS langchain vector store:

```bash
pip install aerospike-vector-search langchain-community

See the documentation for the Ptyhon SDK [here](https://aerospike-vector-search-python-client.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html).

> The documentation for the AVS langchain vector store is [here](https://api.python.langchain.com/en/latest/community/vectorstores/langchain_community.vectorstores.aerospike.Aerospike.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The documentation for the AVS langchain vector store is [here](https://python.langchain.com/api_reference/community/vectorstores/langchain_community.vectorstores.aerospike.Aerospike.html).
```

## Vector Store

To import this vectorstore:

```python
from langchain_community.vectorstores import Aerospike

> See a usage example [here](https://colab.research.google.com/github/aerospike/langchain/blob/master/docs/docs/integrations/vectorstores/aerospike.ipynb?authuser=1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See a usage example [here](https://python.langchain.com/docs/integrations/vectorstores/aerospike/).
```
